## Notebook: Word2Vec SkipGram Model
The next few videos will be all about implementing the Word2Vec model using the SkipGram architecture!

**It's suggested that you open the notebook in a new, working tab and continue working on it as you go through the instructional videos in this tab.** This way you can toggle between learning new skills and coding/applying new skills.

To open this notebook, you have two options:

* Go to the next page in the classroom (recommended).
* Clone the repo from [Github](https://github.com/udacity/deep-learning-v2-pytorch) and open the notebook **Skip_Grams_Exercise.ipynb** in the **word2vec-embeddings** folder. You can either download the repository with git clone `https://github.com/udacity/deep-learning-v2-pytorch.git`, or download it as an archive file from this link.
## Instructions
* Load in text data
* Pre-process that data, encoding characters as integers
* Define the context words surrounding a word of interest
* Define an RNN that predicts the context words when given an input word
* Train the RNN
* Visualize the embeddings learned in the embedding layer!

This is a self-assessed lab. If you need any help or want to check your answers, feel free to check out the solutions notebook in the same folder, or by clicking [here](https://github.com/udacity/deep-learning-v2-pytorch/blob/master/word2vec-embeddings/Skip_Grams_Solution.ipynb).

## GPU Workspaces
The next workspace is **GPU-enabled**, which means you can select to train on a GPU instance. The recommendation is this:

* Load in data, test functions and models (checking parameters and doing a short training loop) while in CPU (non-enabled) mode
* When you're ready to extensively train and test your model, enable GPU to quickly train the model!

**In this case, it is highly recommended that you do not train any longer than one or two epochs.**

All models and data they see as input will have to be moved to the GPU device, so take note of the relevant movement code in the model creation and training process.